Introduction and getting started docs (#155)
betaflight/betaflight.com: docs/wiki/getting-started/troubleshooting.mdx

  Neither should you try to connect your radio to the configurator. Betaflight Configurator is not meant be used to set up your radio, use your radio's software for that (OpenTX companion, EdgeTX Buddy, etc.)
- Make sure you are using a USB cable that is capable of data transfer. Some USB cables are only for charging
- You may need to install the drivers for your flight controller. There is a download link for the ImpulseRC Driver
  Fixer tool in the configurator, or you can download it from [here](https://impulserc.com/pages/downloads)
- If you are still experiencing issues, try shutting down/uninstalling any other software that may be using the COM
  port. 3d printing software is a common culprit

### No COM Port Appears After Enabling HID

If you enable HID Joystil emulation in the configurator, it will take over the USB connection. If you need to connect to the FC normally again, enable `Show all serial devices` in the configurator options

![Show all serial devices](/img/betaflight_configurator_show_all_serial_devices.png)

### Can Connect to the FC, But Can't Flash

> Usually also caused by missing drivers. You can install the drivers using the ImpulseRC Driver Fixer tool, which can be downloaded [here](https://impulserc.com/pages/downloads). You may also want to install all the necessary dirvers manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually also caused by missing drivers. You can install the drivers using the ImpulseRC Driver Fixer tool, which can be downloaded [here](https://impulserc.com/pages/downloads). You may also want to install all the necessary drivers manually. Starting from Windows 10 we no longer require STM32 VCP drivers.
```

## Setup

### Sensors Not Detected

If all of the sensor indicators in the configurator are grayed out, it means that the flight controller is not detecting any sensors. This can be caused by a number of things:

> - The sensor(s) are not configured correctly and/or not enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The sensor(s) are not configured correctly and/or not enabled
```
